Add Collection Controller Documentation (#37)
kuzzleio/sdk-csharp: doc/1/controllers/collection/validate-specifications/index.md

---
code: true
type: page
title: ValidateSpecificationsAsync
description: Validate specifications format.
---

# ValidateSpecificationsAsync

> The validateSpecifications method checks if a validation specification is well formatted. It does not store nor modify the existing specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The validateSpecifications method checks if validation specifications are well formatted. It does not store nor modify the existing specifications.
```

> The validateSpecifications method checks if validation specifications are well formatted. It does not store nor modify the existing specifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The validateSpecifications method checks if validation specifications are well-formed. It does not store nor modify the existing specifications.
```

> When the validation specification is not formatted correctly, a detailed error message is returned to help you to debug.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the validation specifications are not formatted correctly, a detailed error message is returned to help with debugging.
```

## Arguments

```csharp
public async Task<bool> ValidateSpecificationsAsync(JObject specifications);
```

| Argument         | Type               | Description                                           |
|------------------|--------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| `specifications` | <pre>JObject</pre> | JObject representating the specifications to validate |

### specifications

> A JObject representing the specifications the specifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A JObject representing the specifications to validate.
```

> The JObject must follow the [Specification Structure](/core/1/guides/cookbooks/datavalidation):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JObject data must follow the [Specifications Structure](/core/1/guides/cookbooks/datavalidation):
```

> ```json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
```
